Rename cheri insns (#109)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/insns/cmv_16bit.adoc

<<<

[#C_MV,reftext="C.MV"]
==== C.MV

Synopsis::
Capability move (C.MV), 16-bit encoding

Capability Mode Mnemonic::
c.mv cd, cs2

Capability Mode Expansion::
cmv cd, cs2

> NOTE: the mnemonic must be unique, but the intention is to always use `mv` in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: the instruction names must be unique, but the intention is to always use `mv` in the
```

I wonder if we should be using instruction name instead of mnemonic here? To me mnemonic makes me think of to the assembler syntax.
